hello very good as it goes all kids
from here by igor and with a very good
gameplay again from black ops 2
playing on the map of yemen war
terrestrial domain 1 this part the
truth is that it's a pretty game
curious about the first round of domain
I'm going to put this bit here that the
truth is that it is very very good and another
more and this is a part that the truth is
quite curious not by several aspects
the first thing is that it is a game of more
of 90 casualties in which I do in total 94
17 and direct but small crap of
not clear departure is that the thing is in
that the first round on this map
it came out fatal literally or whatever it is
the worst that there is in this world in the
first game in the first part of
the first round ended 24 15 and the
game ends 94 17 that is in this in
this first round that by the way has
long time the truth that they had me
pretty warm of the opposing team
especially a couple of snipers and
well I 'm not that I did very well
the truth then good to get
only 24 casualties still that was the best
from my team right now you are
seeing here in the markers I was the
better in my team the best of the
game in the first
but help us I'm going to pass now let's say
to the second to the second round of
domain because mother of mine the truth is
that today this part had to have
clipped I forgot but good
it's six minutes and a video peak of
every way and so I 've seen it
little bit bijao is still the same
party in case some distrustful that
I feel there is some distrust of
you that when I do likes you think
that are not lines but that recorded the
comment later let's go I can you
guarantee that if I do not start the game
scott al charles here is to go today and
never if the game does not start like this is
because I'm doing a live is that I
I spend my life doing the likes and many
of you because you do not believe what I already
you can start believing because really
the reactions you hear when
I put that is a direct comment
because I never lie or that is what
that's something that some of you
you still have to understand that I am
a very honest fighter and it's something of the
what I like to do today try
do it never do that above all
lie and - to you here on youtube
so good as he is saying
the first game is the first round
24 15 in writing that means that
the second round which is the one that you are
watching now is a 70 2 what is
much better of low gusts I have
the vital sector where would the
swarm and here set I can not get to
capture 0 because I see that they are
returning to reappear thanks to the black
projected bird if I had had a
simple radar let me have sanz for
today here I was shitting myself in milk
code oysters that look everywhere
and then he threw a lawn mower and climbs me
a little the stairs to see if I can
survive and good luckily I did not
they managed to kill and I already have here my
nice name that launched it and well no
I had the dogs because this simple very
old and I did not have them yet
unlocked only had
unlocked the swarm and I put it on
be because it also helps a little
although good to pull it from being and swarm
at the same time that is what you are going to see me
what are you going to see me do now
Exactly what I wanted to say is not
the best technique in the world not because
good two things that attack from the
sky is not the best in my opinion
because for that you have no swarm and a
thing is that you have the swarm and then
to throw is what to be but well I do not
shot already a little finishing the swarm
let say
here pretty crouched here among these
and indeed I had never noticed and
this is a good thing to be that
took advantage also with then another one what
to be killed me three or so in
hand the next swarm because I
peeked through a window and he and a asshole
it kills me but well still I think that
it's a very good game it gives me also
because the starting time of more than
100 casualties I think that I have it I think that
I only have two once in demolition that
it is not very interesting the truth and
the one that tells me with more than 100 casualties
shotgun that if you want to see that gameplay
then you will have it in the description of
this video and I always stay with many
times to ninety-odd or so is that
It's pretty raging that those things happen to me
things because you can not say I've
made more than 100 low is that I did not tell you
more than 90 and almost and good here you are going to see
my fixed to the four kitchens and these
that were there locked in the tower
Watched from Yemen since tucked a
missile through the window of mine I stayed
good is what I tried and it came out like that
that quite happy also for that
country is the one that says good that missile that
it's so multiple multiple that says
and good
this here in misfortune has two of
four bounces on his back to that
pig that there is my partner in the
window here I want to pick it poked me
through the window but there is one that is fair
it catches me and here my character to a
concrete for ahead my mother there is that
see also how they move in this game
it seems almost the movements of 13
when the players
He spent his life saying good because he is
that when I get distracted from the subject
I say good to change the subject already
you have seen that he has a c4 again to
the wall and thank goodness I did not exploit it
which is from the danger that always
I notice the vices that you have
be careful with the c4 and here set the
franco has this pig gives me a bullet
and I'm worth putting it as it was loaded
see where he is here is crouched and I
I do not know how he killed me with a piba
while I was shooting him with the mss
the truth that good it is seen that it had
a lot of pressure has not shot me
while I just gave him shot by
over my head I do not know what happens but
well here I'm going to spend my last one
of is in which I stay a few low
of the swarm
and nothing is for having commented on the
I distracted a lot in the selector what
which is the comment that sometimes
maybe I was halfway through something because
I start talking about something else that is what
what happens to me sometimes when I'm
commenting on a live involvement and I see
some of the things that happen to me but
so I hope that if it does not involve you
enjoyed remembering that I always
I enjoy as commenting videos for
us and when I get videos with
thousands of thousands of visits good with
thousands of visits more than a thousand visits and
peak the truth is that it took me a
amazing surprise so nothing if
you want to help me with this video and with
than the rest and remember that always
I only ask you a like that is a
one click of the mouse and if you can you
recommend to your friends friends
etcetera then it would also be very very
nice on your part since you tried
get the best content and nothing better
to finish the game with a good
beating
and a black bird and a companion that
was when a group so in some
Greetings to all I had in group
Carlos Pelis on the markers and soil
best kids thank you for having seen
the video to have a good day as
I always tell you until later and goodbye
and later